<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Client Module

This module creates a client in the system.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.client](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_authentication_name"></a> [authentication\_name](#input\_authentication\_name)

Description: The name used for client authentication. This is the identity that will be used in authentication.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the Client.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_namespace_id"></a> [namespace\_id](#input\_namespace\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the EventGrid Namespace.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_attributes"></a> [attributes](#input\_attributes)

Description: Custom attributes for the client. These can be used in client group queries.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_client_certificate_authentication"></a> [client\_certificate\_authentication](#input\_client\_certificate\_authentication)

Description: Optional settings for client certificate authentication.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    validation_scheme   = string
    allowed_thumbprints = list(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_description"></a> [description](#input\_description)

Description: Description for the Client resource.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_state"></a> [state](#input\_state)

Description: The state of the client. Possible values: 'Enabled', 'Disabled'.

Type: `string`

Default: `"Enabled"`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_authentication_name"></a> [authentication\_name](#output\_authentication\_name)

Description: The authentication name of the client.

### <a name="output_description"></a> [description](#output\_description)

Description: The description of the client.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the Client.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the Client.

### <a name="output_state"></a> [state](#output\_state)

Description: The state of the client (Enabled/Disabled).

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->