<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Permission Binding Module

This module binds permissions to a principal in Azure

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.permission_binding](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_client_group_name"></a> [client\_group\_name](#input\_client\_group\_name)

Description: The name of the client group to bind permissions to.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the Permission Binding.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_namespace_id"></a> [namespace\_id](#input\_namespace\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the EventGrid Namespace.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_permission"></a> [permission](#input\_permission)

Description: The permission to grant. Possible values: 'Publisher', 'Subscriber'.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_topic_space_name"></a> [topic\_space\_name](#input\_topic\_space\_name)

Description: The name of the topic space to grant permissions on.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_description"></a> [description](#input\_description)

Description: Description for the Permission Binding resource.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the Permission Binding.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The full Permission Binding resource output.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the Permission Binding.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->